eh five on autofocus a lock focusing
right away here's the thing I have
continued to film the gh 5 a few things
but I've been having to use manual focus
I get it a lot of people were
mansplaining to me like yo if you want
to use this camera just manual focus
that's what real videographers do and I
know for the first two three years that
I had a camera
I was actually only doing stuff behind
the camera so I only manual focus it's
it's just good when you have a vlogging
camera that can autofocus so this is my
last time ever using the gh 5 for
vlogging for for YouTube videos of sort
that's great for the podcast because
they can record over 30 minutes has an
unlimited record time that's why I got
them so great cameras I'm still using
here in there but what's happening to
the sony a7s the homie the sony it kind
of right yeah the so me so let's do an
update is it focusing actually no no it
is Wow should we turn it to manual focus
so they can bear the rest of this video
yeah but they never it's all on me okay
you must need accessory for the a7s2
is the new rode mic that turns on when
you turn on your camera when you record
I'm sorry goodness that was actually so
hard I'm sorry the other day I filled an
entire segment without turning on my mic
so it was and johnny-boy that's my name
he hooked it up and he surprised me
[Music]
is happy with the new rode videomic is
it easier to put the battery in
interesting how the cable is no longer
attached here's the magic when I turn on
my camera the mic is gonna turn on so no
more lost audio I see the blue the
cameras on and the mics on that makes
sense if you see all of this luggages
luggages freshly leaving LA for a new
adventure what oh my goodness we have
arrived
welcome to Yosemite National Park it's
cold it's not just cold but it's
beautiful oh my goodness so we escaped
New York City because it was cold so
we've been in LA for almost a month and
to have this kind of cold is cool this
is our super cozy Lodge with the fire
and it's not just cozy but it's pretty
big the reason why I am here at Yosemite
surrounded by other fellow creative
people designers photographers
videographers I'm seeing some bloggers
up in here I see the cameras
I see the Joby Gorillapod this is an
event called epic currents put on by Dan
petit he is a friend of mine who is a
very talented designer but beyond that
he has a YouTube channel he has these
events at the currents and so he is not
just a designer but a designer - fill in
the blank I think that's what a lot of
creators are nowadays and it's
empowering it's cool because we're all
surrounded by each other and learning
and growing from each other and then
people are outside playing in the snow
doing snowy adventurous stuff since this
is kind of a goodbye GH 5 for the most
part a strict in these videos outside
Podcast how about we do just a good ol
slow-mo montage with the camera because
that is my favorite feature of the
camera it can shoot up to 180 frames per
second and Full HD and it looks
beautiful it does it does
[Music]
see we don't really need to work out
which is need bigger cameras above 1dx
sitting with 24/7 this video is about
how I'm focused sucks you have
experience with jumping between cameras
you've logged for the with the 800 did
you ever have you ever gone outside the
Sony I've tried every camera it's not
that good in a low light yep
like any camera you have to use it for
two weeks before you bring it on your
shoe Sarah what are you doing bringing a
new camera the shoe I just like for
vlogging this works better than anything
I think right now
wait you have the new 16 to 35 that's F
2.8 it's probably so it is a little bit
buttery yeah a little bit bigger but
honestly when I'm like vlogging with
this rig I don't care how big the camera
is like I'm gonna make it work it's a
little slower but it's okay America
hustle hustle hustle baby oh yeah no I'm
just gonna picture once in a while take
care of yourself get a massage you know
don't work too hard that's good
yeah we work too hard America move to
France see what that's all about that
shouldn't slip in order ticket optional
auto payments those perks - that was
great tips oh I think she does it right
now
subscribe to craig out in the channel
unfollow no she's so back to these sony
a7s - it's good to be back it looks
great I'm practically shooting in
darkness this camera is so good at
low-light and it's probably actually
focusing on my face with that full-frame
goodness and that face detection a
however I'm conflicted I just edited a
video about the impossible Polaroid
camera it was a super fun video please
check it out if you have not but I shot
that almost entirely with the gh 5 the
rx100 is in there but the color and the
slo-mo is amazing it looks so good but
of course that's only when I use manual
focus and I'm in full control warming up
my toes by the fire it was a good day at
epic currents getting to meet a lot of
creator folks there's a lot of talks
there's workshops apparently I'm
actually giving a workshop now so I got
to kind of prepare for that I think it's
going to be a general Q&A but I'm
excited for that I get to bond with the
people that are here answer some some
questions about the youtubes and just
like Craig said there is no such thing
as a perfect camera there really isn't
because if we had it all in one camera
why would we need to buy more cameras
it's the man bringing us down really
guys the gh 5 it is terrible at low
light and terrible at auto focusing
[Music]
but holy crap the slow motion the fact
that it is a Micro Four Thirds sensor
allows a 12 to 50 or 12 to 60 lens to
have so much reach because it's that two
times crop factor it has a flip screen
it does but then my sony a7s to the
autofocus is better it's amazing at low
light and it feels better in my hands as
a skinnier profile and of course I guess
I have you know Sony glass already but
all of these cameras are going to stay
in my arsenal for now we'll see but I'm
back on the a7 to life let me know what
you shoot with down in the description
below
are you Sony life or you can in life how
about that new Canon camera that just
came out a lot of you guys have been
asking me my opinions on the new
mirrorless camera
Peter McKinnon came out with a very good
video about it however canon 720p at 120
frames per sec I don't even know why
like 720 still exists on cameras the
fact that it shoots 4k in a tiny Canon
mirrorless camera that's crazy but then
you have to deal with the intense crop
factor and you don't have the dual pixel
AF which is what makes Canon cameras so
good that's the only reason why I would
like go back to Canon even though I
actually probably will never go back to
Canon is the autofocus is amazing I'll
give it that but I'm not super impressed
by the new merliss camera but I am
stoked for all of the new Sony cameras
that are coming out very soon you have
the a7 3 that was just released so you
know what that means that a 7's 3 is
right around the corner I'm going to be
the frickin first in line for that thing
get out tonight anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed this video enjoy the Tech Talk
the JH 5 versus the a7 s - I'm gonna be
hanging out here in Yosemite adventuring
around meeting a lot of cool creative
types new podcasts are coming out every
single week on Monday so make sure
you're subscribe to that channel or
subscribe on Apple podcast Google it's
not Spotify now what that's right
we don't play games guys we don't play a
game if you're not a part of the peachy
fam
subscribe button down below if things
get creative over here would love to
have you so let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
and until next time guys stay peachy
okay bye
[Music]
you